Caveat about false type instabilities, joining forces with `Infiltrator.jl` (#212)
JuliaDebug/Cthulhu.jl: README.md

You can toggle between these with `o` and `w`.

## Combine static and runtime information

Cthulhu has access only to "static" type information, the same information available to the Julia compiler and type inference.
In some situations, this will lead to incomplete or misleading information about type instabilities.

Take for example: 
```julia
using Infiltrator: @infiltrate
using Cthulhu: @descend
using Base: @noinline # already exported, but be explcit

function foo(n)
    x = n < 2 ? 2 * n : 2.5 * n
    y = n < 4 ? 3 * n : 3.5 * n
    z = n < 5 ? 4 * n : 4.5 * n
    # on Julia v1.6, there is no union splitting for this number of cases.
    bar(x, y, z)
end

@noinline function bar(x, y, z)
    string(x + y + z)
end
```

Then invoke:

```julia
Cthulhu.@descend foo(5)
```

Now, descend:

```
%22  = call bar(::Union{Float64, Int64},::Union{Float64, Int64},::Union{Float64, Int64})::String
```

which shows (after typing `w`)

```
│ ─ %-1  = invoke bar(::Union{Float64, Int64},::Union{Float64, Int64},::Union{Float64, Int64})::String
Variables
  #self#::Core.Const(bar)
  x::Union{Float64, Int64}
  y::Union{Float64, Int64}
  z::Union{Float64, Int64}
[...]
```

> The text of `Union{Float64, Int64}`  will be in red, but it is likely that `bar` will be called via dynamic dispatch.
> `bar` will be a ["function barrier"](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/performance-tips/#kernel-functions), and the types will be fully inferred within `bar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text of `Union{Float64, Int64}` will be colored in red indicating there are type-instabilities,
but they are unlikely to be problem in actual execution,
because `bar` here serves as a ["function barrier"](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/performance-tips/#kernel-functions) and
`bar` will be called with fully concrete runtime types via dynamic dispatch.
```
